This scenario is similar to sc1. It simulates the situation where there is a 
stronger traffic in the east<->west direction and lighter traffic in the 
north<->south direction. However, after some time, additional traffic flows are
added. Specifically, the baseline traffic is formed by 1,200 cars coming each 
hour through each road on E or W, and 600 cars coming on each road on N or S.
After 15 minutes, four new flows start going from N to S. Two start at the
western north road going to the second (1,200 cars per hour) and third (600 cars
per hour) road from the west on the south. The other two flows are symmetrical
starting at the eastern north road and going to the second and third road at
the south with the same intensities. These flows end after 30 minutes.

The cars decide on each junction whether to go straight (80%), turn left (10%),
 or turn right (10%).  

The grid was generated by the `generate_grid.py` file in the root directory. 

The scenario is created from the files in this directory. The baseline flows
are specified in the `grid.sc3.jtr.flows.xml` file. The JTR router is used to 
create the routes. The turn probabilities can be set in the 
`scenario3.jtrconfig.xml` as the `turn-defaults` parameter (the numbers are 
probabilities for right turn, straight, and left turn respectively).

The additional flows are specified in the `grid.sc3.dua.flows.xml` file and the
DUA router us used to create the routes from them.

In order to recreate the routes (possibly with a different seed) simply run

````bash
    jtrrouter -c scenario3.jtrconfig.xml
    duarouter -c scenario3.duaconfig.xml 
````